README.md, before:

Veles Core integration/staging tree
======================================
![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/velescore/veles.svg?style=for-the-badge)   ![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/velescore/veles.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Master Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/velescore/veles/master.svg?style=for-the-badge)

https://veles.network

About Veles
------------
Veles Core is innovative cryptocurrency supporting multiple PoW algorithms, with unique dynamic block reward system. Main goal of the project is to implement decentralised VPN solution to protect privacy and anonymity of Internet users around the globe.

Stable 0.18 "Blockchain Baracuda" branch
-----------------------------------------
This is master branch of Veles Core, stable releases are marked with *git tags* and can cloned using commands below. If you still need, for some reason, to use oldstable branch 0.17 "Aged Amnesia", for which are security and consensus updates still provided, use the latest version from [0.17 branch](https://github.com/velescore/veles/tree/0.17).

Build Instructions and Notes
-----------------------------
1.  Clone the repository and checkout to latest stable release using following commands. (Alternatively you can download and extract the latest source tarball manually from [Releases](https://github.com/velescore/veles/releases) page on our GitHub.)

        git clone https://github.com/velescore/veles.git
        cd veles
        git checkout `git tag | sort -V | grep -v "\-rc" | tail -1`

2.  Build Veles Core:
    Configure and build the headless Veles Core binaries as well as the GUI (if Qt is found).
    You can disable the GUI build by passing `--without-gui` to configure.
        
        ./autogen.sh
        ./configure
        make

3.  It is recommended to build and run the unit tests:

        make check
        
### Linux (Ubuntu) Notes
1.  Update your package index

        sudo apt-get update

2.  Install required dependencies from default repository

        sudo apt-get install build-essential libtool autotools-dev automake pkg-config libssl-dev libevent-dev bsdmainutils libboost-all-dev

3.  Install latest Berkeley DB 4.8 from Bitcoin repository

        sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
        sudo add-apt-repository ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin
        sudo apt-get update
        sudo apt-get install libdb4.8-dev libdb4.8++-dev

#### GUI wallet dependencies
If you also want to build an official GUI wallet, you'll need to perform the following step as well and install additional dependencies:

4.  Install QT 5

        sudo apt-get install libminiupnpc-dev libzmq3-dev
        sudo apt-get install libqt5gui5 libqt5core5a libqt5dbus5 qttools5-dev qttools5-dev-tools libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libqrencode-dev



### macOS Notes
See (doc/build-osx.md) for instructions on building on Mac OS X.

### Windows (64/32 bit) Notes
See (doc/build-windows.md) for instructions on building on Windows 64/32 bit.


License
-------

Veles Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/velescore/veles/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Veles Core.

The contribution workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
and useful hints for developers can be found in [doc/developer-notes.md](doc/developer-notes.md).

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people
lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](src/test/README.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`. Further details on running
and extending unit tests can be found in [/src/test/README.md](/src/test/README.md).

There are also [regression and integration tests](/test), written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/test) are installed) with: `test/functional/test_runner.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and macOS, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.

### Manual Quality Assurance (QA) Testing

Changes should be tested by somebody other than the developer who wrote the
code. This is especially important for large or high-risk changes. It is useful
to add a test plan to the pull request description if testing the changes is
not straightforward.

Commit message:

Update repository description in README

README.md, after:

Veles Core integration/staging tree
======================================
![Master Build Status](https://img.shields.io/travis/com/velescore/veles/master.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/velescore/veles.svg?style=for-the-badge) ![Licence](https://img.shields.io/github/license/velescore/veles.svg?style=for-the-badge)

https://veles.network

About Veles
------------
Veles Core is an open-source blockchain ecosystem providing services such as decentralized VPN in order to help people to defend their online privacy and free access to an information. 
Backed by unique blockchain with features such dynamic block rewards and halving schedule, independent multi-algo PoW consensus and other approaches against 51% attacks, an insta-mine protection or a dead-lock protection. Designed as multi-tiered network building on the concept of self-incentivized Masternodes which provide robust service and governance layer.

Stable 0.18 "Blockchain Baracuda" branch
-----------------------------------------
This is master branch of Veles Core wallet and blockhain node. For the service layer implementation refer to [Veles Masternode](https://github.com/velescore/veles-masternode) repository. 
Stable releases are marked with *git tags* and can cloned using commands below. If you still need, for some reason, to use oldstable branch 0.17 "Aged Amnesia", for which are security and consensus updates still provided, use the latest version from [0.17 branch](https://github.com/velescore/veles/tree/0.17).

Build Instructions and Notes
-----------------------------
1.  Clone the repository and checkout to latest stable release using following commands. (Alternatively you can download and extract the latest source tarball manually from [Releases](https://github.com/velescore/veles/releases) page on our GitHub.)

        git clone https://github.com/velescore/veles.git
        cd veles
        git checkout `git tag | sort -V | grep -v "\-rc" | tail -1`

2.  Build Veles Core:
    Configure and build the headless Veles Core binaries as well as the GUI (if Qt is found).
    You can disable the GUI build by passing `--without-gui` to configure.
        
        ./autogen.sh
        ./configure
        make

3.  It is recommended to build and run the unit tests:

        make check
        
### Linux (Ubuntu) Notes
1.  Update your package index

        sudo apt-get update

2.  Install required dependencies from default repository

        sudo apt-get install build-essential libtool autotools-dev automake pkg-config libssl-dev libevent-dev bsdmainutils libboost-all-dev

3.  Install latest Berkeley DB 4.8 from Bitcoin repository

        sudo apt-get install software-properties-common
        sudo add-apt-repository ppa:bitcoin/bitcoin
        sudo apt-get update
        sudo apt-get install libdb4.8-dev libdb4.8++-dev

#### GUI wallet dependencies
If you also want to build an official GUI wallet, you'll need to perform the following step as well and install additional dependencies:

4.  Install QT 5

        sudo apt-get install libminiupnpc-dev libzmq3-dev
        sudo apt-get install libqt5gui5 libqt5core5a libqt5dbus5 qttools5-dev qttools5-dev-tools libprotobuf-dev protobuf-compiler libqrencode-dev



### macOS Notes
See (doc/build-osx.md) for instructions on building on Mac OS X.

### Windows (64/32 bit) Notes
See (doc/build-windows.md) for instructions on building on Windows 64/32 bit.


License
-------

Veles Core is released under the terms of the MIT license. See [COPYING](COPYING) for more
information or see https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT.

Development Process
-------------------

The `master` branch is regularly built and tested, but is not guaranteed to be
completely stable. [Tags](https://github.com/velescore/veles/tags) are created
regularly to indicate new official, stable release versions of Veles Core.

The contribution workflow is described in [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md)
and useful hints for developers can be found in [doc/developer-notes.md](doc/developer-notes.md).

Testing
-------

Testing and code review is the bottleneck for development; we get more pull
requests than we can review and test on short notice. Please be patient and help out by testing
other people's pull requests, and remember this is a security-critical project where any mistake might cost people
lots of money.

### Automated Testing

Developers are strongly encouraged to write [unit tests](src/test/README.md) for new code, and to
submit new unit tests for old code. Unit tests can be compiled and run
(assuming they weren't disabled in configure) with: `make check`. Further details on running
and extending unit tests can be found in [/src/test/README.md](/src/test/README.md).

There are also [regression and integration tests](/test), written
in Python, that are run automatically on the build server.
These tests can be run (if the [test dependencies](/test) are installed) with: `test/functional/test_runner.py`

The Travis CI system makes sure that every pull request is built for Windows, Linux, and macOS, and that unit/sanity tests are run automatically.
